[Our Dazzling Days]
[Episode 7]
Installing something?
There you are. Take a seat.
Do you think it's a bit narrow?
It'll trap one's head, won't it?
Hold it. I'll test it.
Let me see. I'll sit here.
Move a bit forward.
Gosh. It's not working.
It's like torturing myself, isn't it?
This won't do.
There's too little space.
I need to widen it.
What's with you?
Are you upset?
No, I'm not.
Well, c-can you lend me 300 yuan?
How much?
Three hundred.
I lost my deskmate Li Ao's
Walkman.
My goodness.
What can be worth 300 yuan?
Just a Walkman.
I'll see if I have that much.
Three hundred yuan for a Walkman...
Is there enough money?
I doubt it.
Let's see if there's enough money.
Large bills first.
A fifty, and a one hundred.
Here's 150.
How much is this?
Forty-five.
Fifty.
Two hundred.
One, two, three...
Okay, this is enough.
T-Thirty. I'll take that.
This will do. I...
Take more.
T-This is enough.
Keep some for yourself.
I mean it. Take more.
Y-You keep some for yourself.
Take it back.
Keep it for yourself.
I-I'll go home and get some more.
Is it enough?
Yes, it is.
Let me know if you need more.
I-I'll figure something out for you.
I saved up a little.
I-I'll give Li Ao the money tomorrow.
B-But...
I can't
pay you back anytime soon.
I-I-I'm afraid
that will take a while.
What's the rush?
Treat me to some meals at your home,
and we'll be even.
Just take the money.
Okay.
I'll get going then.
I'll pay you back later.
Is everything's fine?
Yes.
What could go wrong?
But you seem a bit down today.
Off you go!
Da,
I've got you all the issues
of Shenzhen Special Zone Daily
from the past few weeks.
Take a look.
By the way,
someone has taken over this place.
I'll probably leave with Nana next week.
So soon?
Let's have dinner
s-s-somewhere sometime
in the following days.
Don't delay it.
Let's make it today.
Just come over. My treat.
Okay.
Xiaoman! Xiaoman!
Xia Lei is missing.
Missing?
That can't be true.
He just borrowed money from us.
It's all my fault.
He helped me cheat in the mock exam,
so his score was invalidated.
He has lost his spot
for guaranteed admission.
Do you think he might...
His score was invalidated?
In this case,
he must've run away from home.
What should we do then?
Let's go find him for sure.
To the train station, now!
We have to go.
See you later.
Bye bye!
Nana,
bring the helmets over.
What are you doing?
Give it to Zhigang.
Why?
Lei's 18 years old now.
Why worry about him?
Can't you just cut the crap?
Lei's parents work for the factory,
don't they?
Get a move on.
I hate this.
Xiang! Xiang!
My child! Xiang!
[Entry]
Xiang! My son!
Xiang!
W-Where have you been?
Where have you been?
Where on earth have you been?
Mom...
Didn't I tell you
not to wander off at the train station?
Where would that leave me
if you really got lost?
Mom, I'm sorry.
I won't wander off again.
Ma'am, he was just being naughty.
No, I wasn't!
I was looking for my train ticket!
Son,
Mom can always
buy you a replacement ticket.
But if you get lost,
Mom can never buy a replacement for you.
Let's go.
Sir, pull up.
Pull up right here.
-Anything wrong?
-Sir.
Just pull up, sir.
Look, you two go to the train station,
while I look for Lei
along the river.
If we can't find him
at the train station,
I'll go home to make a call.
Okay. You two go ahead.
Where should we go?
Down there!
Wait for me! Wait!
Do you remember where we used to play
as kids—
that place under the bridge?
Let's see if he's hanging out there.
What made you think so?
I just had a feeling
that he probably went there.
We're about to arrive.
Let's go take a look.
Is someone standing there?
Xia Lei?
He's running away!
Xia Lei!
Wait for me! Wait!
Where is he?
Where is Xia Lei?
Could he have jumped into the river?
Xia Lei?
Help!
Anyone there? Help...
-Help!
-What are you doing?
What drove you to this state, Xia Lei?
I can't believe this.
Xia Lei!
Help! Help!
Help!
Why commit suicide? Who taught you this?
Xia Lei!
Grab my arm now!
Come a bit closer! I dare not go further.
Come this way, Xia Lei!
-Are you okay?
-Come help her.
Keep your head up.
Okay. This is alright.
You're fine now.
What's wrong with you?
Why did you attempt suicide
during the short time we were away?
I was trying to save a life.
How was that a suicide attempt?
What happened?
Why did you have to
get in the river?
I'm afraid of water.
Don't you know that?
A life was in danger.
What else could I do?
Wait.
Where did you meet her?
Who's this girl?
Why did you try to take your own life?
How about
telling us what happened to you?
We're basically strangers.
Why not tell us your story?
It's none of your business.
How could you say that?
We're concerned about you.
The three of us tried so hard to save you.
How is it none of our business?
Why the yelling? You're scaring her.
I'm not...
She was just saved from the river.
I was only defending you.
Don't mind them.
They're just worried about you.
W-Where
i-is your home?
Do your parents work in our factory?
What's your name?
Your ears still work, don't they?
Is it the time to have a smart mouth?
No, I mean well. I-I am
Zhang Xiaoman.
She's Yan Xiaodan.
Call me Xiaodan.
And this suicidal guy is Xia Lei.
I'm not suicidal.
What's your name?
Ye Chunchun.
Ye Chunchun!
My ears aren't working.
There must be water in your ears.
Do a few jumps.
"Ye Chunchun..."
Sounds like an out-of-towner's name.
You have a beautiful name.
Look what a fuss it has become.
I see. Just because your dad
raised a hand at you,
you came here for...
It wasn't worth it, really.
What kid hasn't been disciplined
by their parents?
Lei here will surely be spanked
when he gets home today.
I'm telling you,
we've all been beaten.
I got a spanking every day
when I was a kid.
Every single day.
What did your dad beat you with?
My dad used his electrician's tool belt.
That hurt a lot.
It got so intense
that I ran all over the house,
looking for a place to hide.
Then my father became smart. He...
He locked me in a room while he hit me.
I couldn't run off,
so I had to endure it.
But later, nobody beat me again.
My dad is not around anymore.
But if my dad came back now
and tried to get rough with me,
I assure you I would...
You would have to endure it the same.
What else could you do?
I was planning to run away from home
today.
But after I saved you from the river,
I started thinking...
that no problem in life
couldn't be solved. Right?
Don't worry. I'm fine.
You guys should go.
Not before we watch you leave.
Do you have a place to go?
I guess I'll go to a relative's,
and... head home tomorrow.
How do you get there? Is it far?
Well, look...
I have some money on me.
T-Though it's wet.
Take it.
Go home now.
Even I'm not scared.
What do you have to fear?
She's not afraid of death,
yet money's a problem for her?
How generous of you.
Thanks.
Just go home.
Live your life.
D-Don't hurt yourself again.
What's the point?
But if one day, you really feel...
that...
you can't go on with your life,
do pay him back first.
That's all the money he has.
He hasn't another penny to his name.
And he borrowed it all from me.
That won't happen.
I'm leaving now.
Take care.
Well...
Take your jacket back.
No, keep it on. You must feel cold.
It's your school uniform.
I can't take it.
Thank you all.
Why stare at me? You're acting crazy.
Am I not allowed to...
What's wrong with her?
We shouldn't have saved you.
We even gave you money for a ride home.
Who's the crazy one now?
Do I look crazy?
Y-Y-You're not crazy.
You're just annoying.
How am I annoying?
I was just trying to amuse her, wasn't I?
S-She was attempting suicide.
How could I...
She quickly gave the jacket back to you,
though.
About the money...
I'll pay you back as soon as I can.
What? I already promised to pay you back.
Why did you hit me?
You borrowed money from me
so you could run away from home, huh?
Did you mean to cause me trouble?
I didn't really plan to run away.
I just wanted
to hide at my grandpa's place
in Harbin for a few days.
Hide for a few days...
Why didn't you do it then?
When I was waiting to get on the train,
I saw a mother spanking her son.
So...
You fancied a spanking?
You should've said it.
Either of us could make that happen
for you.
Xia Lei,
I'm sorry.
I dragged you down.
Don't say that.
It was my idea.
I handed you the ruler myself.
P-Perhaps I am the one
who dragged you down.
Come on. You're both in trouble now.
Does it matter who takes the blame?
You should go home right away.
Don't make me part of this mess.
Your parents are looking for you
like crazy.
W-Well then, I'll head home now, alright?
Get a move on.
You two should go home too.
Don't fall into the river again!
Got it!
Don't worry.
He's a big boy now.
What could possibly happen?
Maybe he has gone to his grandfather's.
He's back.
Xia Lei! Where have you been?
What did you do?
Look how worried your mom is.
Where have you been?
Mom, I'm sorry I did wrong. I'm sorry!
Stop it, Mom.
I apologize, Mom. I'm sorry!
You're a pain in the neck!
Mom, I'm sorry.
Were you trying to terrify me to death?
What happened to your clothes?
Mom, I'm sorry...
-We'll talk upstairs.
-Don't hit me.
I'm sorry, Mom.
I know I did wrong.
Go home now.
Don't let our neighbors see this.
Why did you take that box out?
Aren't you keeping her away
from those magazines?
The exams are over.
She can read these as she likes.
When she gets home,
don't bring up that cheating incident.
Why would I mention it?
Kids always act like kids,
honestly.
What if Xiaodan follows Xia Lei's example
and runs away?
I wonder if Xia Lei
will be found by tonight.
Don't you worry.
Xiaodan doesn't have the guts for that.
Here's a metaphor.
Have you seen those springs
in the factory?
With pressure on them all the time,
they'll lose elasticity.
So every now and then,
you need to relax them a bit.
And then what?
Then, apply pressure again.
Sweetie, why are your clothes all wet?
Hurry to the bathroom.
Go to the bathroom now.
Take off your clothes.
You go turn on the water heater.
What were you doing?
You're soaking wet.
Go turn on the water heater!
Take off your clothes, Sweetie.
You need warm water.
Xiaoman. Xiaoman!
-What are you doing here?
-My brother...
My brother...
Well, your brother...
He has gone to Tiecheng
to look for Xia Lei.
He should be back soon.
No. He was taken by the police.
For what?
He went to Tiecheng with Zhigang
and met Mr. Li on the way.
And then?
Then they were besieged
by Mr. Li and his men.
My brother... started p-putting up
a fight.
Is Da okay?
I-I don't know.
I want you to go to the police station
with me
and explain what happened
at the pool hall last time.
I know
Mr. Li has been dying
to mess with my brother.
Let's go then.
I-I...
I-I'll ride a bike.
-There's no bus now.
-Make it quick!
Where do I put this?
Right there. That spot.
The stool in front.
Xiaoman, I'll put this in your room.
Leave it on my brick bed.
Oh right, Xiaoman.
My brother said...
he'd like you to have all his boxing gear.
Me?
He said you have a real gift
and should practice more.
The key to the motorcycle is on it.
My brother trusts you with it.
If you feel like riding it,
then get a license.
Understood. I...
I'll keep it safe.
Well...
What will happen to Da?
M-M-My brother said he would be fine
in jail.
He'll be out in a year or two.
He'll even be released early
if he behaves well.
He told you guys not to worry.
I'm sorry.
This wouldn't have happened
if he hadn't gone out to look for me.
Don't beat yourself up.
My brother told you not to overthink it.
He would've done so for any other kid
connected to the factory.
Don't think too much about it, Xia Lei.
Dongdong...
Well, while Da is away from home,
think of me as your brother.
Let me know if you need anything.
I-I'll be there for you.
Yes. Let us know if you need help.
Okay. I'm leaving then.
By the way, my brother... told us to never
follow in his footsteps.
Bye.
Take care!
The road's slippery.
Sir, can I have a bag?
Sure.
How's the fish today?
Very fresh. Buy some.
How much for the eggplants?
Take a look first.
Holding a grudge, isn't she?
Freshly harvested this morning.
Good thing you're not buying this.
Now I can
take my time with the pick.
Such nice fish.
Hey, do you not know that incident?
No. What incident?
Her son failed the mock exam
and ran away from home.
Really?
Really.
Is her son back now?
Yes.
Haven't you noticed how upset
-he is in recent days?
-This one's good.
Take this.
It's not very spicy.
Hey, Guizhen. Guizhen!
Look at the fish today.
It's really good.
So fresh.
Come on, buy a fish for Xia Lei.
Hurry. Take your pick.
What's this for, Wang Chunhua?
Nothing, Guizhen.
I heard about your kid.
Just be glad that he's back now.
Don't let it get to you.
Well...
Come on, pick a fish for your son.
He needs nutrition.
I believe he'll do better
in the next exam.
That's right. Take your pick.
Go ahead.
I'll round down the price for you.
Seriously,
I don't think
guaranteed admission
is necessarily a good thing.
Students don't get to choose
the majors they like that way, right?
Right.
Besides,
your son Xia Lei is an overachiever.
He'll definitely get into
a better university, won't he?
He missed a chance,
but a bright future awaits him.
Right?
Yes, exactly.
Listen,
I think you made a good point.
I did, right?
My son Xia Lei is usually
quiet and timid.
But by running off,
he did give me quite a fright.
Such a handful, isn't he?
Yes, I agree.
Alright, just take a breather.
Well, tell me.
Am I being too strict with him?
You see, a kid his age would run wild
without discipline, right?
Right.
Look, disciplining him is one thing,
but keeping his nutrition up is another,
isn't it?
Come on, pick a fish.
I'll be straight with you two.
You're bound to receive
a disciplinary action.
But this might not affect your Gaokao.
Based on your performance here
this year,
the school
will decide whether to put it
on your records or not.
-Thank you, Ms. Tong.
We promise we won't do wrong again.
Xia Lei,
I know losing the spot
for guaranteed admission
is a huge blow to you.
But when you leave school, you'll realize
that all setbacks in life are temporary
and they never last long.
Thank you, Ms. Tong.
I... I'll keep working hard.
Alright. Go attend classes.
Goodbye, Ms. Tong.
Here it comes.
Hurry.
It's been a long wait.
This is a major dish.
Hairy crabs are not to be missed
in Shanghai.
You ordered so many dishes.
What a feast.
Dig in. All the dishes are here.
-Start eating.
-Yan.
You and your family rarely
come back to Shanghai.
I should be the one hosting,
yet you're the one paying.
What's the difference?
This is just a family gathering, isn't it?
Come on, come on.
A drink first.
Cheers.
I-I'll switch it to liquor.
Guoqing, you know what?
Years ago,
Uncle Yan should've been assigned
to the Light Industry Council,
yet he was determined
to devote his prime years
to the development
of the Northeast.
So he recommended
the school choose me instead.
Otherwise,
God knows where you would have been born.
Propose a toast to Uncle Yan now.
-Uncle Yan.
-H-Hold it.
You should hear my side of the story
and ignore your father's nonsense.
I merely made a recommendation.
He got chosen
mainly because of his good grades,
which also made him famous at school.
Yan, back then, it was known to all
that people of approved social classes
got to work in the Third Front Plant,
while those who were not could only end up
making paper boxes.
Young people like I was,
stuck in the middle,
couldn't have landed a job
in a government office
under normal circumstances, right?
That was true.
Therefore, Yan,
I've always remembered
how kind you were to me.
Thank you.
Don't mention it.
Listen,
that was all in the past.
Stop dwelling on it.
How can I forget it?
Now, I'd like to make a promise.
In the future, Yan, if you ever need help,
just let me know.
I won't hesitate to lend you
a helping hand.
I was waiting for you to say that.
Come on. Time for a drink.
Cheers, guys.
Sure.
Clink our glasses once more.
Sweetie,
take a pause on the eating.
Propose a toast to Guoqing's parents.
It's okay.
Dig in.
To Mr. Chen and Mrs. Chen.
Thanks, Xiaodan.
Be seated, Xiaodan.
It has been many years
since we last met Xiaodan,
hasn't it?
I remember she wasn't even
as tall as this table at that time.
Look at her now.
She has grown into a beautiful young lady.
We shouldn't have spoiled her.
She's nothing like a Shanghai girl.
Guoqing is much better in comparison.
What an overachieving
handsome fella he is.
He'll be a big-shot translator
in two years after graduation, right?
I'm flattered, Auntie.
I think Xiaodan is great too.
She's so composed
and pretty.
Alright. Stop with the compliments.
They're both wonderful kids.
-They really are.
-Yes.
Xiaodan, learn from Guoqing,
will you?
Come on, Xiaodan.
A piece of braised pork for you.
Your family
don't often get to enjoy this dish.
Doesn't it taste good, Sweetie?
What's wrong?
It doesn't agree with you, does it?
It's too sweet.
You don't get it.
Let me tell you, sweetness
is a major feature of Shanghai cuisine.
You call this sweet?
Isn't the sweet and sour fried pork
in the Northeast sweeter than this?
That agrees with you quite well.
That's different.
The dishes for ladies in the Northeast
are very tasty.
Look at her.
Yan, you've got a fine Shanghai girl
hooked on what—
Northeast food, right?
I'm telling you, it's not just that.
Now, this lady is—
to put it in our local dialect—
a flat-out
wild thing from the Northeast.
"Flat-out..."
Sounds interesting.
-What does it mean?
-Venture a guess.
It means
"completely" in the Northeast.
-I've learned something new.
-Come on.
Time for a drink.
Cheers.
The liquor's good.
We each drank about 250 grams of liquor.
It happens when the two of us gather,
right?
Exactly.
It's been so long.
Well...
I'm counting on you for the transfer.
Don't worry.
I'll handle it.
Great. That's all I needed to hear.
Oh well...
Did you give your number to Guoqing?
Good.
Thank you, Mrs. Chen.
You're welcome.
-Let’s shake hands.
-You young people
-should keep in touch.
-Good luck in everything.
-Thanks.
-Wish you every success.
Guoqing,
you young people must stay in contact.
Sure thing.
Let's go.
You didn't drive here, did you?
-No.
-G-Get a taxi then.
Let's go.
Zhang Xiaoman.
Who are you?
Don't you remember?
You are...
Say it,
or I won't give you the money back.
Y-You owe me about 200 yuan, right?
I remember.
You are that girl!
Who exactly?
You are...
Who am I?
Your name is...
C-Chunchun, right?
Bingo. You remembered me
at the mention of money, huh?
Yeah. W-Why did you come to my place?
To give you your money back,
as I was saying.
I asked about you on my way here.
Why does everyone here
know your home address?
Are you famous or what?
In this neighborhood—I'm not kidding—
everyone knows about me, Zhang Xiaoman.
Just so you know, I've eaten
in every household
connected to the factory.
What does that say about me?
You're a freeloader.
That's what says about you.
What freeloader?
I just...
What do you want?
To pay you back.
Listen,
I've counted it.
It's the exact amount you lent me.
My debt's cleared now.
I don't owe you anything anymore.
I'm putting it here.
Such a courteous lady, aren't you?
Not a penny less?
Okay. Thanks.
No problem.
I'm leaving then.
Remember to tell your friends
that I said thank you.
You came here only to pay me back?
It was a long journey. Don't leave yet.
Well...
I'll treat you to dinner
after all this washing.
So I can tag along with you
and be a freeloader as well?
Won't that be nice?
I'd rather not.
Wash your clothes.
I'm leaving.
Let me hold it down with this.
-Okay.
-So the money won't be blown away.
-I'll be on my way.
Thank you!
Bye bye!
Take care!
Stay away from the river!
I got it.
Alright. She's nice.
Who's there?
Xiaoman!
It's me, Zhuang Sen.
What are you doing here?
I'm not being followed, right?
You're not. Sit down.
What's going on?
I'm hiding from my dad.
My dad asked me to take over his job
in the nitric acid unit. Did you know?
No, I didn't.
I wore his uniform for a day,
and that was enough for me.
I didn't dare to look in the mirror.
The man in it wasn't my true self at all.
I, Zhuang Sen,
cannot shine unless I stand
in the spotlight.
So I've decided
to seek my fortune in Beijing.
My goodness.
You're going to Beijing too.
It's so far away.
You've got real guts.
Who else is going?
Xiaodan. She said she would go to Beijing
to attend some exam.
Tell her
she'll have a contact in Beijing.
Have her call me when she's there.
For real?
For real.
Then make something of yourself there
quickly.
We'll meet again in Beijing.
"We"?
You're going with her?
I'll just get her there.
I see.
You're into her.
Nonsense. Beijing is far away.
Shouldn't I protect her on the way?
Xiaodan is quite a nice girl.
Smart and pretty.
She's got class, too.
But, Xiaoman, you need to show
your talent and potential.
Otherwise, when she goes to college
and you go to a technical school,
will you stand a chance with her?
Since when have you become a snob?
In fact,
you've been like this all the time.
Try to win her heart.
I'll build a career in Beijing first.
Then the two of you can count on me there.
Dreams are not to be put on hold.
They are meant to be achieved.
Of course,
it's a virtue to help others
realize their dreams.
Are you...
in need of money?
What do you say?
Will you help me realize my dream?
So this is what you were building up to.
The factory gives me a monthly subsidy
of 100 yuan.
Here's the subsidy.
And here's my pocket money.
Take it all.
This is your investment then.
You will have a share
of my every future achievement.
Just don't forget me.
Keep the guitar.
Why?
Take it.
It's a bad deal for you, isn't it?
You're giving me your guitar
for this little money?
Keep this in mind:
the show must go on.
Okay.
Look at your luggage.
Let me give you a ride.
No need.
I shall tread this path alone.
No need to see me off.
Goodbye.
Remember this:
victory must be our destination.
Take care
when you're in Beijing.
You take care too. Pursue your dream.
Use the door, not the window again!
Don't worry. It's faster this way!
That's a rough path at night.
See? I told you so.
Did you fall?
Into the ditch?
"Reminding me not to give up
even when I fall!"
Not bad. Two loads exactly.
When you and your grandma
first set up this newsstand,
I truly envied you,
for being surrounded by books and such.
I felt like I could be with them forever.
So what? Nobody buys any of these now.
This business just sucks away
my time, without earning a penny for me.
Then what do you want to do?
I've asked Zhigang and the guys
to get me a job.
It's to deliver gas tanks.
Do you know... who owns
that gas filling station?
Who?
Feng Xiaobo's uncle.
He's working there too.
Has he stopped messing with you?
It's been so long.
Why would he mess with me again?
Besides, I'm working for his family now.
Right?
He's kind of my supervisor.
That makes him happy.
I-I'll pack these books
and take them away,
alright?
Take them all.
Pick whatever you like and keep it.
Have you picked some for Xiaodan?
Yes, I did that long ago.
She'll have them when she comes back.
Come on out.
Tidy up a bit.
Then I'll close the stand.
Let go.
Alright.
It's all cleaned up.
Will you take this board?
Just leave it be.
Weren't these books sold to you
at 30% of the price
from the factory library a few years ago?
Now you're selling them back to us
at a higher price?
No. These only take up a small part.
I bought most of the others for my stand
not long ago.
Those are brand new books. See?
I subscribed the magazines
on a yearly basis.
The first half of the year is just over.
When the issues for the second half
arrive,
I'll give them to you for free.
Sir, I'm actually helping the factory
by bringing in new reading materials.
Why else am I selling these?
The reading room...
Think about it.
When was the last time
you visited the reading room?
People stopped coming here long ago.
Alright, take them back.
Look, do you know
why people stopped coming here?
Because my newsstand
used to be in the way.
Everyone went there to read.
Now with my stand closed
and my books sold,
people will come back here, right?
The problem is nobody reads these now.
There isn't a place for these books.
Just be honest with me
if you want a lower price.
If a 50% discount doesn't work,
then...
I can't raise it to 80%, can I?
An 80% discount?
Look at these books. Look.
They're all in mint condition.
An 80% discount?
I will buy as many as there are,
if I have that discount.
Exactly.
Right? I'm selling below cost.
Really.
Really?
An 80% discount?
I would take as many as he sells.
Wang. Wang!
Stop with that.
I'm not selling those books to you.
They'll buy the old books
at 20% of the original price.
No, no, Mr. Xu. It's not like that.
I'm talking about these books here.
I'm here to sell,
not to buy.
Where would I store those old books?
Then sell yours to Wang.
So you're selling these books
and newspapers to Wang by the catty?
Don't get me started.
It's a favor already.
Nobody else would buy my books.
Look at the factory library,
running out of fundings all of a sudden.
How can that be?
The same is happening everywhere.
Take my injections as an example.
I used to receive two every month,
but now it's one every two months.
Why are you saying this to a kid?
What else should I say?
Isn't the factory trying to cut costs now?
The quarterly bonus hasn't been paid yet.
Xiaoman, I got you a jar of the pickles
you liked last time.
Bring it home.
Perfect. I just finished mine.
I can't have a meal without these.
Easy on marinated food, though.
Got it.
You scared me. What are you doing?
Take a second out of studying
to eat some pear soup.
When I do other things, you always tell me
t-to go study instead.
While I'm doing exercises now,
you're asking me to take a break.
Is it wrong for me to care about you?
Isn't this the way people show care?
When you focus on your studies,
Mom wants to remind you
of paying attention
to your health, and such.
But you're interrupting my studies now.
Why does that voice sound so familiar?
It's Xiaoman.
No way. Xiaoman's voice sounds lovely.
It really is him.
Does anyone need a gas refill?
Xiaoman!
Come up here. I just made pear soup.
Come on!
No, but thanks, Auntie!
I'm working now.
Do your homework, Lei!
Look at that.
I'll get him a bowl of pear soup.
Hurry!
Hey, a gas refill here!
Yes!
Stop making noise! Lose that loudspeaker.
My kid's asleep.
Sorry. I got it.
Come on, Xiaoman.
-Have some pear soup.
-Auntie.
Thanks, Auntie.
Your voice is wretched from shouting.
You sound like a crow now. How come?
Tank refill service can't earn me
much money.
I have to keep my voice up
for business opportunities.
-Eat up.
-Xiaoman.
-Xiaoman?
-I-Is it too hot?
Hey, Xiaoman.
Take this tape recorder.
No way.
How many tanks do I have to refill
to pay for this thing?
Your voice can't take all this shouting.
Just record your gas refill pitch with it
and hit "replay."
It's better than shouting.
That's right.
All that shouting will crush your throat,
won't it?
-Yeah.
-I don't need this.
All is fine.
It's a gift for you.
Just take it.
I have a double-deck recorder now.
Nobody uses this old one anymore.
Really?
Really.
-Just take it.
-Okay then.
-Give me the bowl.
-Let me check it out.
How does it...
A tape's inside.
Got it.
Xiaoman!
A gas refill here!
Sure thing!
Alright. I'm sending up a tank.
Be careful.
Off it goes!
I'll put the recorder on your cart.
Honestly,
Xiaoman's not having an easy life.
Look at you.
All you need to do is study
and nothing else.
Make him your godson then.
You have no idea how blessed you are.
Mr. Zhao, washing your car again?
What a hard worker you are, Xiaoman.
Keep up the good work!
Ma'am, open up, please!
Good for you, Xiaoman.
You quickly deliver multiple tanks
at a time.
I'm really getting my money's worth.
I'm working this hard only because
you're connected to the factory.
Xiaoman!
Work hard for me.
I can't guarantee anything,
but I assure you that you will
fare well in these few years.
No doubt.
I'm hardly an adequate student.
Labor work is all I can do.
Neither was I an adequate student.
But look, I'm driving a Santana now.
Impressive, Mr. Zhao.
I'll put them here.
Okay.
Are those refilled?
-Yes.
-I'll take those then.
You're truly strong.
There you are.
What are you doing here?
What are you looking at?
Does it matter to you where I am?
Have you...
inhaled too much gas in there?
Is that why you're so grumpy?
Cut that crap.
Listen,
mind your tongue here.
No taboo words allowed.
Fine. I'm done talking to you.
You do your job.
I'm leaving.
Xiaoman.
I'll settle the bill with you in a bit.
Okay!
This is your wage for the week.
Got it. Bye!
Bye bye!
Xiaoman!
I'm here.
Come in!
Why did you make a mess
of these dumbbells?
You should've put them away.
Aren't I tidying up my place now?
This is it.
Nice and clean.
You call this "clean"?
Well...
Why leave out this spot?
Where are we supposed to eat?
Right here.
Put these items away.
Toss them aside.
All done.
Look what delicacies I brought here.
What's in it?
What's this? Blueberry yam?
Yes.
What do you think?
Not bad. It's all good stuff.
But aren't these... too sweet?
Cloying, right?
Xiaodan has just returned from Shanghai.
She has Shanghai origins.
I bet she has a sweet tooth.
Could a short stay
turn her into a Shanghai girl already?
I looked it up.
Shanghai people enjoy sweet food.
These dishes are spot on.
I'll go get some plates.
Get what?
Plates!
You can't leave the food
in the plastic boxes, right?
Right.
Arrange the plates.
But what about the chopsticks?
Xiaoman!
Coming right up!
Here I am.
Come on in.
Let me carry these.
Get in the house.
Go inside.
Xia Lei.
You're back.
Sit on the brick bed.
The food's ready.
What a spread.
You bet it is.
Take a look.
We're having a real feast today.
Yeah. It's a reception for you.
Let me see.
What do you think?
Sautéed pork pieces?
Blueberry yam.
Candied sweet potato.
Do you like them?
Is this sweet and sour fried pork?
Yes.
Wouldn't you say it's amazing?
It sure is.
Three out of these four dishes...
are sweet.
Are you trying to put me in a sugar coma?
Didn't you just come back from Shanghai?
So we got you some sweet food,
thinking that you'd love it.
I-I'm just back from Shanghai.
All I want now is pickled vegetables
and such.
I'm fed up with sweet food.
I ate enough of that in Shanghai.
It's fine. He is just
pretending to have class.
He said you'd love sweet food
as a Shanghai girl,
and this would help with your transition.
What's the point of this?
Now that I'm home,
I certainly want to taste local cooking.
Okay. What would you like to eat?
Pickled cabbage.
Pickled cabbage, and such, huh?
That's easy.
Pickled cabbage...
I'm sure
one of the neighbors is cooking that.
I'll go door to door, sniff,
and ask for some from whoever has it.
-Okay.
-You wait here.
Then I... I'll go with you!
You go get some cucumbers.
One more case?
Let me help.
No, I'm all good.
There are more downstairs.
You go get them.
Come on, let me carry it.
Gosh.
My goodness.
Why did you buy these many?
Another case?
When our son goes to college,
the expenses will be huge.
That means we should save more money
instead of wasting it on this stuff.
What do you know?
To foot the bills,
we need to stock more royal jelly.
We can earn rebates from sales.
Get me two boxes.
Two boxes.
I'll give these to Li Lei.
Where are you going?
I'm sending these to Auntie Li.
Dad, where should I put these?
Stack them up here.
So many cases.
Will these sell?
I'm also concerned.
Leave it to your mom.
I'll go cook.